Deliverables

Team Number: 4

Team Name: Dev Bytes

Team Members:
Hyma Jujjuru: hymajujjuru, hyma.jujjuru@colorado.edu
Apollo Hoffman: Apollo10101, kaho5265@colorado.edu
Santana Reyes: santanareyes, santana.reyes@colorado.edu
Michael Sexton: MichaelSexton3389, mise3389colorado.edu
Billy Daves: wida4809, wida4809@colorado.edu

Application Name: Event Bytes

Application Description:
This application is a campus event website that displays local events happening on or near campus in Boulder. 
This website is intended to address the problem of finding  / being aware of things to do on campus. Our target 
audience is students, and the functionality is to  inform/advertise events on-campus or local events through an 
easy user interface, with an option to search for specific events based on filtering options.

There are 6 different user interfaces for the user to navigate through. The first is the main CU Events page, which 
will prompt the user to either log in or sign up for an account. Either option will lead to a pop-up menu for the user
to enter their information for registering or signing in. After the user is signed in, the Upcoming Events webpage will 
be displayed, which will list the upcoming events happening in the general Boulder area. The user has the option to 
navigate to the calendar view, search page, or logout via a navigation bar at the top of the page. If the user chooses 
the "search" option, they will be redirected to the search page where they can enter specifc information to filter events. 
Once they submit this information, they will be redirected to a calendar view of upcoming events based off of the filtered 
options they entered. Should the user choose to navigate to the "calendar view" option of the navigation bar without entering
any specific search options, the calendar view will display all the general events happening without any filtered displays. The 
final navigation bar option "log out" will just log the user out of the application and take them back to the main CU Events page, 
which will again prompt the user to log in or sign up for an account. 


Vision Statement:
A website for the amazing residents of the city of Boulder where residents can find the events organized for them.A website for the amazing residents of the city of Boulder where residents can find the events organized for them.

Version Control: Github repository and folders added. 

Development Methodology: AGILE Methodology with Kanaban boards. 

Communcation Plan: Discord.

Meeting Plan: 
Team Meetings - Wednesdays @5-6pm 
Weekly Meetings with TA - Mondays @4:45pm 

Use Case Diagram: Case Diagram with 6 key features of our application attached. 

Wireframes: Wireframes of UI with 6 designs of our application pages pages attached. 
